### **International Business School**



#### About 

The International Business School  (IBS) is an affiliate college of the Zhejiang Gongshang University. It is established in 2016 to act as a platform to attract intellects from home and abroad; a base to cultivate international talents; an institution devoted to high-level research;an entity to seek international collaboration with overseas universities and research institutes on behalf of the University. Taking the internationalization as the core competitiveness, the innovation as the driving force, we aim to forge an IBS brand by combining the characteristics of Zhejiang Province with the internationalization. We are working in partnership with world-renowned universities and various business organizations to cultivate talents and contribute to the thriving local economy of Zhejiang Province and its surrounding regions.

The aim of IBS’s Research Excellence is to help realize the University’s goal for a research ranking in the top international league. Our mission is to provide innovative solutions to the challenges faced by researchers. IBS keeps inviting scholars with international distinction to engage in the research project and provide guidance to the young scholars. An international team of experts and scholars will contribute significantly to the development of IBS’s teaching quality, research strategies, formulation of research proposals, scholarly publications and application for research funding.



### Why

- Young Research Group

  IBS brings together young scholars with overseas study experience and provides personal development space. The personnel with similar experience and thinking mode reduce cultural shocks and cultural conflicts, which may make great contribution to young scholars' academic research and personal growth.

- Competitive Salary 

  IBS follows the "Case-by-Case Approval System" and offers competitive salary to inspire the enthusiasm of young scholars for academic research.

- Dense Academic Atmosphere 

  IBS clusters young scholars from the business-related fields and offers an open platform for academic research and academic discussion. IBS regularly organizes academic seminars and invites renowned experts from home and abroad to share academic frontier information. We make effort to provide easy working condition and dense academic atmosphere.

- Less Teaching Load

  IBS requires 100-120 teaching hours per year. A less teaching load would save scholars' time for academic research.

- Policy Support

  On behalf of University, IBS acts as a special academic zone and enjoys preferential policies. IBS devotes to build a high-level and advanced research group.



### Faculty



**Tao JIANG** 

Professor, Head of School

Professor Jiang received his doctoral degree in 



**He NI** 

Professor, Deputy Head of School 

Dr. Ni received his doctoral degree in electrical engineering from Manchester University in 2008 and master degree in advanced system engineering from Sheffield University. His research interests are mainly focus on quantitative trading and machine learning. 



**Jian LI**

Assistant Professor

Dr. Jian LI received his doctoral degree in Economics and master degree in Quantitative Economics from Goethe University Frankfurt in 2014 and 2010. He finished the post-doctoral research associate in Economics from University of Luxembourg in 2018. Dr. LI's research focuses on household finance, capital flows and aging, financial stability.



**Chen LUO**

Assistant Professor

Dr. LUO received her doctoral degree and master degree in Business and Management from University of Manchester in 2017 and 2011. Her research focuses on marketing.



**Meng SUN**

AssistantProfessor

Dr. Meng SUN received his doctoral degree in Economics from University of Calgary and his master degree in Economics from University College Dublin. Dr. SUN's research focuses on labor economics, macroeconomics, environmental economics, health economics.

**Li YAO**

Assistant Professor

Dr.Li YAO received his doctoral degree and master degree in Economics from University of Colorado in 2018 and 2015. Dr. YAO's research focuses on urban and regional economics, international trade, real estate and Chinese economy.



**Chi ZHANG**

Assistant Professor

Dr.Chi ZHANG received his doctoral degree and master degree in Economics from Boston University in 2018 and 2016. Dr. ZHANG's research focuses on microeconomics and game theory.



**Fan ZHOU**

Assistant Professor

Dr.Fan Zhou received his doctoral degree in Economics from Queensland University of Technology in 2018 and his Master's in Economics from University of Edinburgh in 2013. Dr. ZHOU's research focuses on economics of decision, sharing economy, car sharing, travel behavior, self-driving/autonomous vehicles, transportation economics, discrete choice modeling, policy analysis, behavioral and experimental economics, vehicle ownership and mode choice, expert elicitation.



**Meimanage Mohan Pradeep Fonseka**

Assistant Professor

Dr.Mohan received his doctoral degree in Accounting from Xian Jiaotong Universityin 2013 and his master degree in Business Administration from University of Peradeniya in 2008. He finished the post-doctoral research in Management Science in Xian Jiaotong University in 2015. Dr. Mohan's research focuses on accounting and finance issues related to Asian and emerging capital markets, corporate governance, corporate finance and information disclosure quality. 

 

**Sultan Sikandar Mirza** 

Assistant Professor

Dr.Sultan received his doctoral degree from Dongbei University of Finance and Economics in 2016 and his master degree from Wuhan University of Technology in 2011. Dr. Sultan's research focuses on corporate financing policies, the impact of macroeconomics factors on corporate financing behavior, corporate governance and behavioral finance.

 

**Muhammad Zubair Tauni**

Assistant Professor

Dr. Tauni received his doctoral degree in Financial Management from Dongbei University of Finance and Economics in 2017 and his master degree in Business and IT from University of Punjab in 2012. Dr. Tauni's research focuses on behavioral finance, mutual funds, corporate governance and capital structure.

 

**Muhammad Ansar Majeed**  

Assistant Professor

Dr. Ansar received his doctoral degree in Financial Management from Dongbei University of Finance and Economics in 2017 and his master degree in Finance from University of Punjab in 2012. Dr. Ansar's research focuses on corporate finance.

 

